.. Copyright © 2017 Lukas Rosenthaler, Andrea Bianco, Benjamin Geer,
   Tobias Schweizer, and Ivan Subotic.

   This file is part of Sipi.

   Sipi is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
   by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   Sipi is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

   Additional permission under GNU AGPL version 3 section 7:
   If you modify this Program, or any covered work, by linking or combining
   it with Kakadu (or a modified version of that library) or Adobe ICC Color
   Profiles (or a modified version of that library) or both, containing parts
   covered by the terms of the Kakadu Software Licence or Adobe Software Licence,
   or both, the licensors of this Program grant you additional permission
   to convey the resulting work.

   See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public
   License along with Sipi.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


***************************************
v1.4.0 Release Notes (not released yet)
***************************************

See the `release`_ on Github.

New features:
-------------

- Added latest kakadu version v7_A_4-01727L.zip
- support for CIELab for both 8- and 16-bit images
- try/catch for ICC profiles that are not supported by kakadu. These profiles are added to the "essential metadata" in order to be reinstated if the JPX is converted back to a TIFF or JPEG.
- added more unit tests


Bugfixes:
---------

- 16 Bit PNG images are now teated correctly by byteswapping of the data (htons), since PNG uses network byte order which is usually noit zthe host byte order on intel processors
- alpha channels are treated correctly with JPEG2000
- The parameter names in a multidata/form-data POST request now have the double quotes removed

.. _release: https://github.com/dhlab-basel/Sipi/releases/tag/v1.4.0
